We'll learn about geoe called wiki once an hour usually common
Project management tools use a system called wiki
I'm offering it. RedMine is no exception.
Members of this project using the wiki in RedMain
Basically what you should be familiar with
You can get a lot of information from
Or knowledge to the wiki system
It is the role of storing and structuring this knowledge for such a purpose.
It's called wiki .
So for me to do so, bd Have you heard of Wikipedia in the world
Give me the biggest open dictionary
So it does take enlargement feature that Wikipedia is not Wikipedia
With this connection between words and words, this huge knowledge information system
Make me
Here you open Wikipedia .
2 wiki videos on the system we are learning, called RedMain
The page is
So here we have a lot of definitions about RedMain
There are red and blue here, and these are links.
So if you go into the open source and click on the blue link
Let's take a look at the concept of open source as another article
I'm out.
I have these words again in this document , so I click on the word and click
If you go in, you move the word again .
If you look at it, here's the red link that says Pandora
You know.
As you can see, click on the link
Pandora is said to make the console, that is, there is a link that is just that link
This means that the link does not yet have a document to point to
You guys here tell me about what he calls Pandora.
Once you have written and saved, we have automatically
Links that are not linked to documents that are not linked
This link takes you back to the second edition
This is the link to the document you just created .
It's a common form.
And Red Mine 's Mickey system we'll learn is just like this
Consonants go into RedMine and explain about RedMine's wiki
I will
Now, the screen you are seeing is called its of yg.
Homepage of
This is a project for building parts that are in them as 2 Wiki
You can see.
If you click here 2 open title so ig for the project wiki
How the system can be seen
In my case, it is the title that comes out with the office,
There are three things in the other box.
It itgoyo
Yogurt is broken down each link is red here is the current
If you click on a link as you can see because there is no link, the
You send it to the editor that creates the document.
After you've written the content ,
U
And save
If you do this, then this document has been created.
If we go back to the wiki and click on the content in that state,
It came out.
And as you can see, if you already have a document already made in production
In blue
The text is displayed, so if you click on 2 minutes
Page also raguyo
Here we look at it again, click the link in that they learned of the plan
So that's the heat and so on . So now the documents and documents
It is essential the ability to create any link between inde look out that way
Let's start by selecting the page you want to edit.
If you press the Edit button there, you will be free to see the screen.
Here, h1, which is in front of you,
opel so ig is the title of this document
It's metadata.
Next time we are going through wiki grammar classes
I'll take a closer look at these things when I look at the syntax on the wiki.
I do not think I should use these things right now.
I'm writing this thing is gonna party to return here twice a bit
I promise .
And to close the dialog twice, and when less that the content between the two
The text called content is automatically linked, and the corresponding
If the document exists, the minutes of each other
If the link does not exist,
If the editor you can create a document that corresponds to the link today so
I am.
So let me add one.
5 Tube is a word that we use short of open ttl
This is how we write our staff like this .
As you can see , the link looks like you see it , but the current document is linked.
Because it is not there, it is marked in red.
When I click on it , I get a blank document.
U
As a singer sourdough Ning
Please enter this and our members will be able to click and Save.
Like this
5 The list of people who made the dance is made like this
Almost all of the people I see pushing the protest key and making the orts are blue
It's changed.
If I click on it, I will move the page I just created .
So if you want to delete this page, click Delete.
If you want to see the history of changes on this page,
How can I see the changed support
So here I just saw this one I see now, even if you're in an important change
For example, if you click the history here on the homepage,
In other words, this wiki page has a main page
It keeps track of how it changed.
So 6 is the most recent version.
It's ingeo the second before the last saved version, click yogeo differences
You can look at the check out if there are any differences
So why do we need to edit the 2 wiki system?
Not everyone can edit at the same time ,
It's because there's a document going on
So if you edit this document at the same time , the wiki system will crash
It will tell you it happened.
So what is the wiki system so far?
Why use wiki and when to use it
And how about writing a document on wiki
I gave you an explanation.
In this next video, I'll explain the grammar on the wiki.